hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1980 horror classic The
Shining so let's get started the film
opens with Jack Torrance arriving at the
Overlook Hotel to be its winter care
taker the hotel built on a Native
American burial ground becomes snowed in
during the winter and Jack will use
these months to write Jack is warned
that the previous caretaker developed
cabin fever and killed his family and
himself
Jack's wife Wendy and their son Danny
arrive at the hotel Danny seems to have
telepathic powers and an imaginary
friend named Tony Danny telepathically
communicates with the hotel's head chef
dick Heller Orin who explains that he
refers to the telepathic powers as The
Shining he explains to Danny that the
hotel has a shine to it along with many
memories not all which are good and
warns him to stay away from room 237 a
month passes and Jack makes no progress
on his writing
Danny begins to have frightening visions
Jack begins acting strangely and has
violent outbursts even having dreams of
killing his family Danny returns to his
parents bruised after being curious
about room 237 and when he accuses Jack
of abusing Danny Jack begins talking to
a bartender Lloyd who is later revealed
to be a ghost Wendy tells Jack that
Danny told her about a crazy woman in
room 237 who attempted to strangle him
Jack investigates encounters the woman's
ghost but tells Wendy he saw nothing
Jack finds a ball going on filled with
ghosts and is told by a ghost named
Grady that he needs to correct Wendy and
Danny the head chef is contacted by
Danny and flies back to help the family
Danny later goes into a trance calling
himself Tony calling out the word Redrum
Wendy discovers that Jack is deranged
typing over and over again all work and
no play makes Jack a dull boy
Wendy tries to leave the hotel with
Danny but Jack tries to stop her and she
knocks him unconscious and locks him in
the pantry jack is freed by the ghost
Grady Danny continues to chant and draw
the word Redrum
when Wendy sees a traverse in the
bathroom mirror realizes that the word
is murder Jack bursts through the main
door with an axe the head chef arrives
but is murdered by Jack
Wendy runs encountering ghosts and a
cascade of blood Danny and Wendy escape
to the hotel's hedge maze and Jack
freezes outside looking for Danny as the
film ends a photograph in the hotel
hallway shows jack standing in a group
of partygoers from 1921 so that was the
spoilers for the shining if you have
another film you'd like to see a spoil
please let us know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching